## Apology (from original author)
Due to my oversight in code review, sensitive information was exposed, causing inconvenience and confusion for other developers. I apologize to the other developers([APOLOGY.md](APOLOGY.md)), refer to [#3](https://github.com/KujouRinka/mhws_beta_server/issues/3) and [#4](https://github.com/KujouRinka/mhws_beta_server/pull/4).

由于本人审查代码疏忽导致出现了敏感信息而给其他开发者造成了不便于困惑，在这里向其他开发者致歉([APOLOGY.md](APOLOGY.md))，请参考 [#3](https://github.com/KujouRinka/mhws_beta_server/issues/3) 与 [#4](https://github.com/KujouRinka/mhws_beta_server/pull/4)

I hope everyone can learn from my example and avoid making such stupid mistakes out of negligence.

希望大家以我为戒，不要因为疏忽做出这么愚蠢的事

## mhws_beta_server

This is a project that simulates server requests for the Monster Hunter Wilds Beta Test.

### Disclaimer

This project is intended solely for educational and learning purposes and must not be used for commercial purposes. Please delete this software within 24 hours of downloading. We do not take any responsibility for any illegal usage or distribution of this software.

### Usage

#### Edit hosts file

1. Navigate to `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc`
2. Open the `hosts` file with any text editor.
3. Add a new line and the bottom of the file:
   - `127.0.0.1 hjm.rebe.capcom.com` ***Note:*** *the `hjm.rebe.capcom.com` can be changed to whatever you domain you want, but you also have to edit the `apiHost` value in the `restful.go` file to match.*
4. Save the file.

#### Generating your own certificate

In order to be more secure, avoid using certificates generated by other people.

1. Install Git by downloading it [here](https://git-scm.com/downloads) or just simply googling "Git" and clicking the official website which should be the first result.
2. Browse to the `mhws_beta_server/cert` directory and right-click > "Open Git Bash here"
3. First we generate our own key by running the following commands one by one:
   - `openssl genrsa -aes256 -passout pass:gsahdg -out website.pass.key 2048`
   - `openssl rsa -passin pass:gsahdg -in website.pass.key -out website.key`
   - `rm website.pass.key`
   - You should now see a website.key file in the directory.
4. We will now generate a certificate by running the command:
   - `openssl req -new -key website.key -out website.csr`
   - It will now prompt you to type a lot of different things, most don't matter and you can type whatever you want.
      - Country Name: Put any 2 letter code (doesn't have to be the country you actually live in)
      - State or Province name: Doesn't matter.
      - Locality Name: Doesn't matter.
      - Organization Name: Doesn't matter.
      - Organizational Unit Name: Doesn't matter.
      - **Common Name:** `hjm.rebe.capcom.com` ***Note:*** *this can be changed to whatever you domain you want, but you also have to edit the `apiHost` value in the `restful.go` file to match.*
      - **Email Address:** Any email in the format: `name@domain.com` (doesn't have to be a real email)
      - **Challenge password:** Leave empty, just press Enter.
      - **Optional company name:** Leave empty, just press Enter.
   - You should now have a `website.csr` file in the directory.
   - Finally, we run the command:
      - `openssl x509 -req -sha256 -days 365 -in website.csr -signkey website.key -out website.crt`
      - You can change the days amount to the amount of time you want the certificate to be valid for by changing `365` to the desired value.
      - You should now have a `website.crt` file in the directory.
5. Install the certificate by double-clicking `website.crt` > Install Certificate... > Local Machine > Place all certificates in the following store > Browse > Trusted Root Certification Authorities > OK > Next > Finish
6. Congratulations! You now have your own self-signed certificate!

#### Installing the Go programming language and running the server

1. Install the Go programming language by going [here](https://go.dev/dl/) and choosing the correct version for your system.
2. Open a terminal window in this project's root directory by doing right-click > Open in Terminal
3. Run the following command: `go run . 127.0.0.1`
4. Run the game and you should be able to play!

### Thanks
[@EdLovecraft](https://github.com/EdLovecraft)

[@Evilmass](https://github.com/Evilmass)

[@KujouRinka](https://github.com/KujouRinka)
